docs(oidc): add back-channel logout (#9034)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/integrate/back-channel-logout.mdx

:::info
Back-Channel Logout is currently an experimental [beta](/docs/support/software-release-cycles-support#beta) feature.
Be sure to enable it on the [feature API](#feature-api) before using it.
We highly recommend also enabling the `webkey` feature on your instance. This will prevent issues with automatic key rotation.
:::

In this guide we assume your already familiar with getting and validation token. You should already have a good
understanding on the following topics before starting with this guide:

- Integrate your app with the [OIDC flow](/docs/guides/integrate/login/oidc/login-users) to obtain tokens
- [Claims](/docs/apis/openidoauth/claims)
- [Scope](/docs/apis/openidoauth/scopes)
- Audience

## Concept

ZITADEL provides the possibility for OpenID Connect clients to be notified about the session termination, for example
if a user signs out from another client using the same SSO session.
This allows the client to also invalidate the user's session without the need for an active browser session.

![Authentication and Back-Channel Logout Flow](/img/guides/back-channel-logout/back-channel-logout-flow.png)

1. When an unauthenticated user visits your application,

> 2. you will create an authorization request to the authorization endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. it will create an authorization request to the authorization endpoint.
```

The latter boolean indicates, that ZITADEL will provide a session ID (`sid`) claim as part of the logout token. This
provides the possibility to match the exact SSO session, which was terminated.

### Client

To enable the back-channel logout on a client, they simply need to register a `backchannel_logout_uri` as part of their
configuration, e.g. [creating an OIDC application](https://zitadel.com/docs/apis/resources/mgmt/management-service-add-oidc-app).

As soon as the URI is set, every new authorization request will register a back-channel notification to be sent once
the session is terminated by a user sign out.

## Back-Channel Request

When the session is terminated, ZITADEL will send back-channel logout requests asynchronously to every registered
client of the corresponding session.
The request is an `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` POST request to the registered URI including a `logout_token`
parameter in the body.

Please be aware that body *may* contain other values in addition to logout_token. Values that are not understood by the
implementation *must* be ignored.

### Logout Token

The `logout_token` sent in the request is a JWT similar to an ID Token.

:::info

> Note however, that a Logout Token will never contain a `nonce` claim, to make sure it cannot be used as an ID Token.

Reviewer: Should we add a similar note to the reference docs/docs/apis/openidoauth/claims.md?

```
| nonce                                             | No             | No                                      | Yes, except when used as logout_token | No                                                   |

Author: update both the note here and the claims.md

```

```json
{
  "iss": "http://localhost:8080",
  "sub": "164849494297477377",
  "aud": [
    "243864426485212395@example"
  ],
  "iat": 1733739252,
  "exp": 1733740153,
  "jti": "297364834498921137",
  "events": {
    "http://schemas.openid.net/event/backchannel-logout": {}
  },
  "sid": "V1_297364818980034004"
}
```

After validating the token, the application can now invalidate the user's local session based on the `sid` claim.

> Some applications might also want to delete any user session. In this case, the `sub` claim can be used to identify the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some applications might also want to delete all user sessions. In this case, the `sub` claim can be used to identify the user.
```
